Add docs: Android mvi (#7086)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/android/content/mvi@Bz-BkfzsDHAbAw3HD7WCd.md

# MVI

> The **MVI** `Model-View-Intent` pattern is a reactive architectural pattern, similar to **MVVM** and **MVP**, but with a focus on immutability and handling states in unidirectional cycles. In MVI:
> 
> - Model: Represents the UI state. It is immutable and contains all the necessary information to represent a screen.
> - View: Displays the UI state and receives the user's intentions.
> - Intent: These are the user's intentions that trigger state updates, managed by the `ViewModel`.
> 
> The data flow is unidirectional: Intents update the Model's state through the `ViewModel`, and then the View reacts to the new state. This ensures a clear and predictable cycle between logic and the interface.
> 
> Visit the following resources to learn more:
> 
> - [@article@MVI with Kotlin](https://proandroiddev.com/mvi-architecture-with-kotlin-flows-and-channels-d36820b2028d)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **MVI** `Model-View-Intent` pattern is a reactive architectural pattern, similar to **MVVM** and **MVP**, focusing on immutability and handling states in unidirectional cycles. The data flow is unidirectional: Intents update the Model's state through the `ViewModel`, and then the View reacts to the new state. This ensures a clear and predictable cycle between logic and the interface.

- Model: Represents the UI state. It is immutable and contains all the necessary information to represent a screen.
- View: Displays the UI state and receives the user's intentions.
- Intent: The user's intentions trigger state updates, managed by the `ViewModel`.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@article@MVI with Kotlin](https://proandroiddev.com/mvi-architecture-with-kotlin-flows-and-channels-d36820b2028d)
```
